{\rtf1\ansi\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0 Calibri;}}
\fs24
\b Smart Corrugated Sheet - Offline Documentation\b0\par
\par
\b Table of Contents\b0\par
1. Overview\par
2. Package Contents\par
3. Requirements\par
4. Setup Guide (Step-by-Step)\par
5. Demo Scene Usage\par
6. Runtime Usage\par
7. Script Reference\par
8. Troubleshooting\par
9. Support\par
\par
\b 1. Overview\b0\par
Smart Corrugated Sheet is a Unity component that generates a corrugated metal sheet mesh with customizable dimensions, profile, and LOD baking options.\par
\par
\b 2. Package Contents\b0\par
2.1 Prefabs: Corrugated sheet prefabs for quick placement.\par
2.2 Scripts: Runtime and editor scripts to generate and bake geometry.\par
2.3 Materials/Textures: Sample materials for demonstration (if included).\par
\par
\b 3. Requirements\b0\par
3.1 Unity 2020.3 LTS or newer.\par
3.2 Universal Render Pipeline (URP) recommended for the included demo prefab.\par
\par
\b 4. Setup Guide (Step-by-Step)\b0\par
4.1 Import the package into your Unity project.\par
4.2 In the Project window, navigate to:\par
    Assets/Deepwave/SmartCorrugatedSheet/Assets/Prefabs\par
4.3 Drag the CorrugatedSheet_URP prefab into your scene.\par
4.4 Select the prefab instance and inspect the SmartCorrugatedSheet component.\par
4.5 Adjust parameters (width, length, profile, thickness, material).\par
4.6 Press Play to confirm the mesh updates correctly in play mode.\par
4.7 Optional: Use the Bake panel in the inspector to bake a static mesh asset.\par
\par
\b 5. Demo Scene Usage\b0\par
5.1 Open the sample scene (if provided) from the package.\par
5.2 Select the SmartCorrugatedSheet object and tweak settings to preview variations.\par
\par
\b 6. Runtime Usage\b0\par
6.1 You can adjust settings at runtime through the SmartCorrugatedSheet component.\par
6.2 If you need to generate meshes procedurally, instantiate a GameObject, add the component, and set its properties before calling any bake method.\par
\par
\b 7. Script Reference\b0\par
7.1 SmartCorrugatedSheet (MonoBehaviour)\par
    Purpose: Main component that generates the sheet mesh, handles parameters, and triggers rebuilds.\par
    Key properties (non-exhaustive):\par
    - Width, Length, Thickness: Overall sheet size.\par
    - Profile settings: Corrugation depth and spacing.\par
    - Material: The material assigned to the generated mesh.\par
    Key actions: Rebuilds the mesh when values change; can be baked into a static mesh asset.\par
\par
7.2 SmartCorrugatedSheetEditor (Editor)\par
    Purpose: Custom inspector that provides UI for editing and baking.\par
\par
7.3 SmartSheetFbxExporter (Editor)\par
    Purpose: Exports baked mesh data to an FBX file.\par
\par
\b 8. Troubleshooting\b0\par
8.1 The mesh does not update: Ensure the component is enabled and the GameObject is active.\par
8.2 The sheet looks flat: Increase corrugation depth in the profile settings.\par
8.3 Bake output missing: Verify the output folder exists and you have write permissions.\par
\par
\b 9. Support\b0\par
For support, contact the publisher with your Unity version and a brief description of the issue.\par
}
